but only we know how hard it was here while we fought
against the piece knew that it was not going to work, we
difficulties and thanks to god 2 900 and that little bit of concession
determination
the last action in debate are two-time ministry of america
lunch newspaper will show all the question mark of the brand focused on the
waterfront
fans who do not
the dawn of joy in the capital
the day they decide what they are
this Thursday
already in schools
when in fact inconvenient
besides being one of the greatest achievements in history
to liberators
every day
our correspondent was already opposition
the fall of a little later
also not bad
now you're strong starting from now
Your life was losing.
last year the newspaper
on a night that has easy alzheimer's and many emotions
serenely celebration
the most intimate
international history
today the game soon shows all about the cheerleading party healed at the time of fire
within the stadium at various points in the capital of the interior of the state during the
dawn
and tomorrow on the streets and in schools
the analysis who were the highlights of the conquest
the title agency
all that awaits the colorados in the final of the world championship of clubs in abu
dhabi
the night that atheists
the services of the capital were full this month and a half field with a
mixed team
there will be a definition
besides now
I think it's going to be a very difficult game, but we sure will.
become champion
and still got organized and serginho
hours before departure starts from
in the defeat of the waterfront
and also because the city pairs
we know that we can still leave the books in Spanish for sure - I
have
came the first goal
I do not believe in the victory of the Mancini Vágner team
there were no drugs and I do not want to know
the increase in American demand
in 2005 of the state
the physical educator
ariosto colorados crowded the avenue d
to sln
by the other
after the celebration of life and now
and finally the liberators guaranteed
the world already has the head and authority
now only those who pass through the city at the table
the ship will come to gaza
it will not be in vain
the apala cabala
on a standing ball